[Music]
I think most people are aware of how I
went from 4000 subscribers to close to
ninety to a hundred thousand subscribers
the more interesting story to be told is
how did I get from zero to four thousand
a few days ago I had a meet-up and I got
the chance to meet a lot of you amazing
human beings look at it boosted all of
the okay first of all look at all the
rooster bored crazy and then there's
Marco there's a whole other row and a
big question was how do I get started on
YouTube how do I start whatever my
creative passion is whether it's
photography video on different platforms
so I'm going to share some tips on how
to get your first hundred subscribers on
YouTube but first we're going to take a
stroll through memory lane I'm going to
go through my old videos and kind of
point out at what point that I hit a
hundred subscribers a thousand
subscribers and when was there a plateau
when we're the breakthrough because of
this video I've been watching a lot of
my old videos and it's fun to reminisce
sometimes but other times it's just it's
cringe-worthy really let's go back to my
first video ever I play bless your
guitar for over 10 years and so during
that time I have bought and sold a lot
of guitar equipment including puddles
good to cars and amplifiers so when I
wanted to sell this one specific fuzz
pedal I took to the Internet there was a
forum that's really good for guitar gear
reselling and I was like you know what
how do people know what it sounds I got
to make a video where does one make a
video and just post it online for free
youtube so in September 2011 I posted my
first youtube video ever and it was me
demoing a guitar pedal I had for sell
hey guy this is a Sarah I'm going to
Michael Shannon pulled under
[Music]
[Applause]
I think we all enjoyed it I used my
dad's Canon t3i that I had used for some
school projects I was a terrible silver
but I understood editing just because I
loved to play around now this is the
time when it was really cool everyone
had dslr's made love to zoom in and out
of focus and things thank God that fad
is over I started noticing people
watching this random people that didn't
just see the link on the forum so they
were actually searching for the puddle
and so I randomly got like thousands of
people watching this video that I didn't
promote that I wasn't sending to friends
and family I was confused but I was
intrigued so I started to dump it just
like did you appear in there on to
YouTube now it took me honestly I think
1 or 2 years to post my next video the
next video that is public on my profile
is the law of supply and demand music
video but I made for an economics
project in high school just slice for
the ones and cons class listen up
because we got time to class
coming at you which contracts you best
listen if you want to learn there were a
few videos in between that are now
deleted but in between my guitar pedal
demo the law of supply and demand and
also a Taylor Swift concert I had my
first hundred subscribers so I didn't
know about it in a way where I was like
YouTube I want to do this I want
subscribers I want people watching my
stuff YouTube was just kind of there to
solve a problem that I had so before we
move on to how I got a thousand
subscribers I think truly animating your
first 100 subscribers you can go one of
two ways one your stuff is searchable so
people are kind of stumbling upon it and
saying hey this is good I might stick
around the second way is look you want
to do this video thing you want to dive
into YouTube hardcore for your first 100
subscribers email text write your
friends and family a letter however you
can get in touch with people do it by
any means everyone you've ever met
hopefully there are a hundred people
like that so after that I started to get
more serious about video and I'm just
scrolling through those videos now
and I started to do more concert live
coverage for those like this is a way
that people get to my channel because
people actually search out concert
footage I've loved music and I've always
loved music and then I started
transitioning into videos that I was
passionate about I would go to Austin
City Limits with my friends and I would
make a recap video of that so I was
still mixing in the search ability of
the music I was seeing but it kind of
evolved into travel film from there I
got hooked on kind of filming those
types of recap videos so I started
saving up getting more camera gear as I
was bringing and more camera gear I
would unbox it I would review it I would
teach on it via youtube videos but then
I would go out and travel with it I
would come back with really cool travel
buy these videos while doing the
searchable camera equipment thing as I
was pulling in people with searchable
content I got some of them to stay for
the content that I was actually
passionate about making on the side my
first big turning point and maybe not
necessarily YouTube but making videos
was my Greece video I think maybe
opportunity to go and travel to Greece
one of the best trips of my life I made
a recap video and it was the first time
that my friends and family were like
Sara this is actually amazing and I love
this video that I made it made me even
more passionate for creating but also
sharing online throughout that and all
the things I was doing I was slowly
climbing up to a thousand subscribers my
second big turning point was the start
of my docu-series creative spaces TV
[Music]
I lost a sucky series August 11th 2015
it was a way for me to get more
experience as a filmmaker and
highlighting other people I consider
this my second big turning point not
just because making a docu-series was in
the step of the right direction for me
as a video maker but also I gained a
little bit of momentum on YouTube
my love is where the writing and the
visuals and the music and the story and
everything combines together whatever
your art is you know you can create your
own art that hasn't even never been
created that is just whatever it is like
this focus on it and do it and don't
look back do I have a secret for you
guys are you ready this is something
that a lot of people know but I have
actually gotten to shoutouts from the
man Casey nice that himself that's right
I have been mooching off of Casey nice
that's onion since the beginning August
of 2015 this is when Casey just really
started getting into daily vlogging his
logs are still getting under a million
views each crazy but he has his mail
time thing going on those symbols mean
mail time get it mail time I understood
that I was about to launch the biggest
thing ever that I have ever launched my
youtube channel the first season of
creative spaces TV so about a month
before launching I sent him really nice
moleskin notebook so I was like this
dude probably has all the ideas and all
the times
it helps to have cool notebooks to write
things on every now and then so I sent
him this package and I kid you not it
was just meant to be
there are thank you for the notebook
notebooks are always the start of
something much much better on the day
that I release the first season of
creative space TV was August 11th this
was also my birthday JC just so happens
to release the vlog in which he does in
real-time in which he opened up my
package and letter exactly on August
11th 2015 when I launched the first
season a creative space of TV's my
package and letter was opened on that
same day in the kc9 stat blog from that
letter I got a solid hundred hundred
fifty subscribers which is so crazy
because that's why it makes it even more
special when I was gearing up for the
release of season two of creative spaces
TV right before that I was like EULA
what's a way that I can kind of try to
provide something to Kacie again because
I feel like our audience make sense
together and that's when I made how to
Casey nice that a vlog and the shoutout
landed on the same exact time that I was
releasing the first episode of season 2
it really came full circle let's go back
to season one of Korea's base TV not
only did I get that mail time package
open but at the same time a youtuber
that I admired Ted Forbes from the art
of photography gave me a shout out on
his channel now this sent me well pop a
thousand subscribers now I was almost at
2,000 drivers so I kept makin I kept
hustling I had two different creative
shows creative space TV and that
creative life I was still doing camera
tutorials and unboxings but truly in the
beginning I was focusing on quality
YouTube video was not my full-time job I
was a college student and I can't stress
enough how important it is in the
beginning to focus on quality focus on
what you love to do and what you want to
see out in the world because that is
what is going to get people to stay when
you are constantly putting in the work
that breakthrough is going to happen but
you want to make sure what not break
actually happened you have the
credibility you have a backlog of
content on whatever social media you're
really pouring into to make the people
curious and make the people actually
interested in staying to see what is to
come
quantity does matter on YouTube I truly
think it does a schedule matters but not
so much in the beginning in the
beginning focus so hard on quality what
sets you apart from everyone else who is
doing practically the same thing on
YouTube and hey as a person who
thoroughly appreciates design it never
hurts to have good aesthetics on your
online profile that actually does go a
long way but keep in mind a pretty
online profile is nothing without the
meat and substance of the art and vice
versa so I hope you guys enjoyed this I
think it's super funny there was that
Casey shout out before the Casey shout
out and it was such a long journey from
2011 to 2015 that puzzle and grind that
brought me from zero to four thousand
subscribers every day I truly have to
remind myself to go at videos and like
and work with that same mentality of
just being so hungry so hungry for
building because in the very beginning
that is your advantage is you have that
hunger hold on to that act on it thank
you so much for training in and
listening to my story hopefully you got
some inspiration or some nuggets from it
that you can apply to your own life let
me know if you like this video hit that
subscribe button down below for new
videos every Monday through Friday we
get creative up in here we do some fun
stuff I'm based in New York City but I
travel a lot so I try to bring exciting
things to your faces five days a week
stay peachy okay buddy
you
[Music]